README.md, before:

<!-- Please update value in the {}  -->

<h1 align="center">Casumo</h1>

<div align="center">
   A cards management web application.
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Built With](#built-with)
- [Features](#features)
- [How To Use](#how-to-use)

<!-- OVERVIEW -->


## Overview

<!-- ![screenshot](/public/images/preview.png) -->
  
- My experience building this was quite exciting as I had the opportunity to flex my love for Redux as this helped me with managing the state of this application effectively during the various data fetching procedures.

### Built With

<!-- This section should list any major frameworks that you built your project using. Here are a few examples.-->

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Redux](https://react-redux.js.org/)
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com) for deployment

## Features

<!-- List the features of your application or follow the template. Don't share the figma file here :) -->

Some of the features I developed are?
## How To Use

<!-- Example: -->

To clone and run this application locally, you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer. From your command line:

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/elminhoemmanuel/mayweather.git

# Install dependencies
$ npm install

# Run the app
$ npm run dev
```

Commit message:

updated Readme with relevant notes and comments

README.md, after:

<!-- Please update value in the {}  -->

<h1 align="center">Crypto Price Card</h1>

<div align="center">
   A simple card component to render crypto data.
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Notes](#notes)
  - [Built With](#built-with)
- [How To Run the application](#how-to-run-the-application)

<!-- OVERVIEW -->


## Notes
Some noteworthy information about this project are;

- I decided to prevent refresh of page during polling of the endpoint after every 20 seconds so that the user is not being continously distracted or been dsiturbed and have to start from the first page all over again. However inspection of the code and the browser's network tab will show the pollling of the endpoint happening every 20 seconds.

- I tried to be as modular as possible to ensure that the code base is scalable hence I wrote a number of components even down to an ErrorDisplay component to display an error.

### Built With

<!-- This section should list any major frameworks that you built your project using. Here are a few examples.-->

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com) for deployment
## How To Run the application

<!-- Example: -->

To clone and run this application locally, you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer. From your command line:

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/elminhoemmanuel/crypto-price-card.git

# Install dependencies
$ npm install

# Run the app
$ npm run dev

# Run tests
$ npm run test
```
